we're glad people are out here tonight
to celebrate the metamorphoses art show
and we think that giving back to the
community being part of the community
and having the artists from the
neighborhood be part of it is what makes
it so special Clark makes the world go
round creativity ideas this is what it's
all about a park circle is great I've
seen a lot changed since 2001 but in the
last year or so I'm seeing more and more
change and it's all very very possible
my name is Phillip I'm and I am I guess
so now caught insane artist lately but I
am the person that could give everything
and just invited about your friends to
come play
you've got DJ's for Phoebe all the
businesses around here I've had art put
up on the walls we've been promoting
themselves so we've had a really good
time and I think what we're seeing
tonight the show a metamorphosis it's
just the culmination of the last three
years that we have been seeing here in
Park circlet I think we're only going to
go through the roof after this
mixon is a new neighborhood that we're
building in park circle and to be part
of this community and part of the energy
and diversity of park circle is a big
reason why we are here in the first
place and we're hoping that makes and
contribute to it
you